# Entrex
The winning team in 'Solve for IITK' in Hackathon'23, a programming competition to develop the best solutions to ease life of the campus residents.  
  
"On a daily basis, hundreds of students make entry and exit in the campus and are required to make entries in the register book at the gate. This poses to be quite cumbersome as often there is a crowd at the register table, causing issues to the Sis-Guard and hence leading to authentication issues. One such example of this issue is some students signing for several of their friends simultaneously. Also using paperback registers for the entry-exit at the gates ends up using a lot of these new registers every week and makes maintenance of records a cumbersome task. This made us question the sustainability of the existing model in the long run and ponder over possible solutions for the same. And so, we have successfully designed an app to deal with this situation.  
  
A one-stop solution for resolving the issues related to the entry-exit problem on IITK gates. The app has a simple UI, easy to use, that works on a very in-trend principle these days – ‘QR Scanning’! All the student has to do is ‘Register’ on the app, and continue to ‘Login’, both just once! Note that only @iitk.ac.in email ids are accepted as valid entries here. A verification email will be sent their ‘iitk’ email id and they will be verified and registered. Now, the ‘QR Scanner’ will be visible on the Home Page, with which one can scan the designated ‘refreshable’ QR Codes at the IITK gates and work as an alternative way of entry and exit showcasing the time and date of the scan!! This project will also have a positive impact on the environment as lesser registers would be used, reducing paper usage overall by quite an amount!"  
  
[Project Report - Entrex](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tcQUHiuJa2BNU2xhCtFMKR1K2rCi6bsj9NAEekdPAb8/edit?usp=sharing)
